Boom console is a button on your web browser
that lets you describe your thoughts on the
web page you are visiting, capture images,
text, screenshots of the page, and organize
the composition of all the captured
information in folders you remember in your
own personal memory bank on the internet.
Search your memories and find what you are
looking for.
Then view the information on your browser or
click to go back to the page to review your
memory. We help you remember your chats from
chat, GPT, Gemini, LinkedIn, WhatsApp, and
your map location research from Google Maps
Zoom console button is a browser known as an
extension or add, in that you download from
the Google Chrome Web Store.
The Boom console button works on the Chrome
browser, edge browser, and brave browser.